README.md, before:

# ASG2
make a short game (progression = add on discount amount to coupon)
everyday claim some coin for spin (get discount on certain item)
golden ticket for a chance to win something big
make sellers possible (fake test case) store in database
review of product and selers, how many items sold, from where, shipping?
cart function no chat, straight order and send (idw do Mokesell)
display best deals on the home page (flash deals, highest popularity,highest discount, lowest price)
possibility of liking system
function where if we spend a certain amount, free delivery.
search bar 

user account-login info (username,password,confirm password,email,agree to terms and conditions)
class parent buyer, child seller
seller listings based on carousell.

GAME 1 (ACCURACY): - Yeow Teik
A TIMER 
USER START THE STOPWATCH AND WATCH STARTS
USER STOP AT EXACTLY 1 MIN FOR A PRIZE
GAME 2 IDEA - Kenan
Fruit Ninja(Lego Brick Version)
Cut as many Bricks as possible to earn prizes

Update 1.0
Creation of JS code for header and footer where one Javascript code is able to display all that data at every page, usage of pure Javascript
Update 1.1
Idea of creating a search bar



Update 2.0 (SIGN UP page)
Sign up page: Create the html for the sign up page with simple input text
Patch 2.1
Creating validation for input email, password , username and DOB where the page will not proceed unless the data inputted is correct format as the required inputted data
Patch 2.2 
Created the ability for POSTING for data to the RestDB database, uploading the relevant data and some JSON data for further usage
Patch 2.3
Validated the inputted data into the RestDB database where no account can have the same information for Login purposes
Patch 2.4
Completion of the Signup.html and js scripts where if the sign up is successful, the user will proceed to the login page for confirmation, waiting for partner to do the CSS
Patch 2.5
Kenan, enter what u did for the CSS here

Update 3.0 (Login page)
Login page: Created the html for the login page with simple input text and some href links for future use
Patch 3.1
Created the JS file for inputting email and password with some simple validation for inputted code with onkeypress/down
Patch 3.2
Usage of the RestDB from Patch 2.0-2.4 to GET the userdata and compare with the login details and see if the login details are valid,
if login details match any of the objects, the user's local storage data will be updated to its specifications and the user will be directed to the homepage with login details (further information can be seen in the Patch 1 details)
 
Update 4.0(Review page)
Review page: Created simple html for displaying of review data for each object in the JSON (max of only 10 can be seen)
Patch 4.1
Added css for the review fa-fa star for easy visualisation of the review star
Patch 4.2
Added js code to retrieve the data from another server called user data from another DB as RestDB only allow one API key for one account(free version)
Wrote js code to display each review information and the ability to leave a review yourself
Patch 4.3
Added POST to the DB code to upload to the DB (validation only includes not posting blank info)
Patch 4.4(CSS waiting for parnter)

Commit message:

Added search bar to homepage

README.md, after:

# ASG2
make a short game (progression = add on discount amount to coupon)
everyday claim some coin for spin (get discount on certain item)
golden ticket for a chance to win something big
make sellers possible (fake test case) store in database
review of product and selers, how many items sold, from where, shipping?
cart function no chat, straight order and send (idw do Mokesell)
display best deals on the home page (flash deals, highest popularity,highest discount, lowest price)
possibility of liking system
function where if we spend a certain amount, free delivery.
search bar 

user account-login info (username,password,confirm password,email,agree to terms and conditions)
class parent buyer, child seller
seller listings based on carousell.

GAME 1 (ACCURACY): - Yeow Teik
A TIMER 
USER START THE STOPWATCH AND WATCH STARTS
USER STOP AT EXACTLY 1 MIN FOR A PRIZE
GAME 2 IDEA - Kenan
Fruit Ninja(Lego Brick Version)
Cut as many Bricks as possible to earn prizes

Update 1.0
Creation of JS code for header and footer where one Javascript code is able to display all that data at every page, usage of pure Javascript
Patch 1.1
Idea of creating a search bar
Patch 1.2 
Creation of data in the RestDB database and wrote GET data from the RestDB for listing data.
Creation of a simple search function to loop through the entire listing data to match the listing name of what i am looking for.



Update 2.0 (SIGN UP page)
Sign up page: Create the html for the sign up page with simple input text
Patch 2.1
Creating validation for input email, password , username and DOB where the page will not proceed unless the data inputted is correct format as the required inputted data
Patch 2.2 
Created the ability for POSTING for data to the RestDB database, uploading the relevant data and some JSON data for further usage
Patch 2.3
Validated the inputted data into the RestDB database where no account can have the same information for Login purposes
Patch 2.4
Completion of the Signup.html and js scripts where if the sign up is successful, the user will proceed to the login page for confirmation, waiting for partner to do the CSS
Patch 2.5
Kenan, enter what u did for the CSS here

Update 3.0 (Login page)
Login page: Created the html for the login page with simple input text and some href links for future use
Patch 3.1
Created the JS file for inputting email and password with some simple validation for inputted code with onkeypress/down
Patch 3.2
Usage of the RestDB from Patch 2.0-2.4 to GET the userdata and compare with the login details and see if the login details are valid,
if login details match any of the objects, the user's local storage data will be updated to its specifications and the user will be directed to the homepage with login details (further information can be seen in the Patch 1 details)
 
Update 4.0(Review page)
Review page: Created simple html for displaying of review data for each object in the JSON (max of only 10 can be seen)
Patch 4.1
Added css for the review fa-fa star for easy visualisation of the review star
Patch 4.2
Added js code to retrieve the data from another server called user data from another DB as RestDB only allow one API key for one account(free version)
Wrote js code to display each review information and the ability to leave a review yourself
Patch 4.3
Added POST to the DB code to upload to the DB (validation only includes not posting blank info)
Patch 4.4(CSS waiting for parnter)
